Hey, what happened to the prince-in-law?
The palace is in the mad prince
So Lang still doesn't ask
It can't be said.
And His Royal Highness will definitely not be able to see guests tonight
Something really happened to the prince
Too cloudy too cloudy
Sir, please come back
The prince really has a face
In this case
The reaction of the ministers is the best indication of loyalty and humiliation
I didn't expect these weekdays to look worried about the country
Hypocrites of the People
They're all relying on the decreasing element.
Oops haha
His Royal Highness is only 20 years old
Oh my god
Why are you treating my eldest prince like this?
Ah, I'm afraid I won't be able to wake up
I heard that the prince has been clear for three hours
Robber, how dare you curse His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Hmm, what do I do?
Yu Qian, it's useless to deceive yourself
This loser is going to die tonight
rebellious
Come and take him down, the traitor
The old man wants to kill him with shame
Hahahaha
Stop shouting, the marches have been transferred away
I've got some bad news for you.
The first master of the army gives birth to you and nourishes blood
Has entered the palace with the army of women
The Crown Prince of Great Xia is about to be replaced
Hahahahahaha
child